Telkom University

Term:		2018/2019
Subject:	CSH1F2
Subject Name:	Introduction to Computer Science
Topic:		Session 8
Theme:		Individual Class Project



Instruction:

This session (Week 8) we will see an implementation of UIUX with the help of Ionic Creator (a web based prototyping based on NodeJS).
As always, you are free to choose and use other materials for comparison and learning improvement.

We will use and embrace the media below:
	Javascript, NodeJS as our language technology (minimum code only)
	https://creator.ionic.io as prototyping platform


The class project below will typically take around 15 to 60 minutes end to end, 

please make sure you are running on a computer with minimal background processes and sufficient RAM (4GB with small number of background processes in Windows 10 Operating System) and CPU (Intel Core i5 or better).

Lets move it on:


1 Prepare your local repository:

	1a Enter the branch that you created in Session 2 by entering the folder in your computer and do : git checkout <your_student_id>
		attention: 
		again, please use the directory / folder that you have been working on since Session 2.
		if you use a new directory or folder or new computer, you have to follow the Git initiation and related process before you start working, and I dont cover the related support in this session to optimize focus.

	1b Do the following in your working branch inside your local repository from Session 2 : git pull origin master 

		
2 Follow the instruction below: 

	2a Open https://docs.usecreator.com/page/tutorial-videos
		it contains a collections of tutorials for developing hybrid mobile app with Ionic Framework.
		please choose one of the beginner video tutorials and follow the steps in Ionic Creator.

	2b Export your app in the format of zip file and download your project zip file.
		save the zip file in your student branch local repository.
		please submit maximum at 19 October 2018 18.00 UTC+07.
		late submission will be considered for grade = 50 for this class project; it is weighing 20% of your total grade for this course.
	
	2c Submit individual class project by issuing: git push origin <your_student_id>

	2d Back to master branch in local repository to make sure you will be ready like a bread fresh from the oven: git checkout master
