Telkom University

Term:		2018/2019

Subject:	CSH1F2

Subject Name:	Introduction to Computer Science

Topic:		Session 6
Theme:		Class Project



Instruction:




This session (Week 6) we wil try to see an implementation of data visualization (data representation) in the area of Smart Cities.

You are free to choose and use other materials for comparison and learning improvement.

We will use and embrace the media below:
	Python as our language technology (view only)
	Kagggle.com as code sharing 


The class project below will typically take around 15 to 45 minutes end to end, 

please make sure you are running on a computer with minimal background processes and sufficient RAM (4GB with small number of background processes in Windows 10 Operating System) and CPU (Intel Core i5 or better), because the notebook sometimes could cause your CPU fan to swirl fast.

Lets move it on:


1 Prepare your local repository:

	1a Enter the branch that you created in Session 2 by entering the folder in your computer and do : git checkout <your_student_id>
		attention: 
		please use the directory / folder that you have been working on since Session 2.
		if you use a new directory or folder or new computer, you have to follow the Git initiation and related process before you start working, and I dont cover the related support in this session.

	1b Do the following in your working branch inside your local repository from Session 2 : git pull origin master 

		
2 Follow the instruction below: 

	2a open https://www.kaggle.com/wti200/exploratory-analysis-nyc-taxi-trip
		it is an example of how citizen or public can dig down into exploration of city taxi trips, in this case New York City taxi.

	2b try to analyze graphs in "Feature Visualization" and "Feature Engineering" sections.
	
	2c answer questions below in this file and submit maximum by 21.00 (09.00 PM) UTC+07.00 at 03 October 2018 (today, in 1 hour):

	2d submit by issueing: git push origin <your_student_id>

	2e Back to master branch in local repository to make sure you will be ready like a bread fresh from the oven: git checkout master


========= WORKSHEET STARTS

Full Name	: Malik Wali

Class		: IF-42-02

Student ID	: 1301180173

Answer for	: What do you think the meaning of "Feature " in this notebook ? 		(20 to 40 words)	(20 points)

		feature mean in the notebook is data of nyc taxi trip,
		feature visualisation for see the patern that describe data of nyc taxi trip in this notebook author use trip duration as target variable and 
		feature engineering for processing data of nyc taxi trip. 	

Answer for	: What do you see in the relation between trip and time in this notebook ? 	(40 to 100 words)	(40 points)

		the relation between trip and time in this notebook is we can count the time to take for one taxi trip,from the time of one trip taxi do we can conclude trip duration and from trip duration author create the mean of trip duration for each hour

Answer for	: Search Google, what are different types of data analysis ? 			(40 to 100 words)	(40 points)

		Six Types Of Analyses Every Data Scientist Should Know :
		1. Descriptive (least amount of effort):  The discipline of quantitatively describing the main features of a collection of data. In essence, it describes a set of data.
		2. Exploratory: An approach to analyzing data sets to find previously unknown relationships.
		3. Inferential: Aims to test theories about the nature of the world in general (or some part of it) based on samples of “subjects” taken from the world (or some part of it). That is, use a relatively small sample of data to say something about a bigger population.
		4. Predictive: The various types of methods that analyze current and historical facts to make predictions about future events. In essence, to use the data on some objects to predict values for another object.
		5. Causal: To find out what happens to one variable when you change another.
		6. Mechanistic (most amount of effort): Understand the exact changes in variables that lead to changes in other variables for individual objects.
		.....................................


========= WORKSHEET ENDS
