Telkom University
Term:		2018/2019
Subject:	CSH1F2
Subject Name:	Introduction to Computer Science
Topic:		Session 6
Theme:		Class Project



Instruction:

This session (Week 6) we wil try to see an implementation of data visualization (data representation) in the area of Smart Cities.

You are free to choose and use other materials for comparison and learning improvement.

We will use and embrace the media below:
	Python as our language technology (view only)
	Kagggle.com as code sharing 


The class project below will typically take around 15 to 45 minutes end to end, 

please make sure you are running on a computer with minimal background processes and sufficient RAM (4GB with small number of background processes in Windows 10 Operating System) and CPU (Intel Core i5 or better), because the notebook sometimes could cause your CPU fan to swirl fast.

Lets move it on:


1 Prepare your local repository:

	1a Enter the branch that you created in Session 2 by entering the folder in your computer and do : git checkout <your_student_id>
		attention: 
		please use the directory / folder that you have been working on since Session 2.
		if you use a new directory or folder or new computer, you have to follow the Git initiation and related process before you start working, and I dont cover the related support in this session.

	1b Do the following in your working branch inside your local repository from Session 2 : git pull origin master 

		
2 Follow the instruction below: 

	2a open https://www.kaggle.com/wti200/exploratory-analysis-nyc-taxi-trip
		it is an example of how citizen or public can dig down into exploration of city taxi trips, in this case New York City taxi.

	2b try to analyze graphs in "Feature Visualization" and "Feature Engineering" sections.
	
	2c answer questions below in this file and submit maximum by 21.00 (09.00 PM) UTC+07.00 at 03 October 2018 (today, in 1 hour):

	2d submit by issueing: git push origin <your_student_id>

	2e Back to master branch in local repository to make sure you will be ready like a bread fresh from the oven: git checkout master


========= WORKSHEET STARTS

Full Name	: Andrew

Class		: IF 42-02

Student ID	: 1301180390

Answer for	: What do you think the meaning of "Feature " in this notebook ? 		(20 to 40 words)	(20 points)

		The features in this notebook mean, to tell the reader what to discuss. For example, first discuss Feature Visualization and then Feature Engineering.
		Feature Visualization mean that we can observe that the majority of the rides are singel ride. But still a substantial number is more than one ride. Probably rides with more than one ride are more often people who are visiting NY.
		Feature Engineering mean that from the coordinates of the pickup and dropoff points we can calculate the distance between the two points. To compute these distances we are using the distHaversine function of the geosphere package. This method gives us the shortest distance between two points on a spherical earth.

Answer for	: What do you see in the relation between trip and time in this notebook ? 	(40 to 100 words)	(40 points)

		Average trip duration varies significantly per neighborhood. This is a good thing because based on this we can create a new feature that says something about the historical trip duration between the neighborhoods. We can observe that the average trip for rides within the neighborhood are much lower compared to other rides. So this means that we can create a new feature that says wherther a trip is within the neighboorhood or otherwise.
		The only thing that catches my attention is that in night hours more distance is covered in lesser time. Which is obvious because of less traffic and i have heard form a New Yorker that between 4 and 5 in the morning the the taxis change shift. The fresh taxi drivers are often reluctant to pickup passengers. I believe that these fresh drivers would prefer to pickup passengers who are in for a long ride - it is more profitable for the taxi drivers. Therefor I would expect a higher distance covered in the shift hours. This will be tested in the in the next section where the feature distance will be covered.
		So there is correlation between trip and time in this notebook.

Answer for	: Search Google, what are different types of data analysis ? 			(40 to 100 words)	(40 points)
		Descriptive: The discipline of quantitatively describing the main features of a collection of data. In essence, it describes a set of data.
		Exploratory: An approach to analyzing data sets to find previously unknown relationships. 
		Inferential: Aims to test theories about the nature of the world in general (or some part of it) based on samples of “subjects” taken from the world (or some part of it). That is, use a relatively small sample of data to say something about a bigger population.
		Predictive: The various types of methods that analyze current and historical facts to make predictions about future events. In essence, to use the data on some objects to predict values for another object.
		Causal: To find out what happens to one variable when you change another.
		Mechanistic: Understand the exact changes in variables that lead to changes in other variables for individual objects.


		


========= WORKSHEET ENDS
